Add corepacks troubleshooting instructions (#1974)
astronomer/docs: README.md

If you want to submit a screenshot, GIF, or a new documentation file, we recommend building and testing your documentation change locally. Astronomer docs are built with [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/), which is our static site generator. Read the following sections for instructions on how to build and test your documentation changes locally with Docusaurus.

#### Installation
To build docs locally, you need to install both Node and Yarn. However, starting in 2020, the Yarn binaries are bundled in Node within [Corepacks](https://nodejs.org/api/corepack.html) instead of a separate distribution.

> 1. Enable `corepacks`. This automatically makes yarn available to you. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get around this limitation, run the following command to enable `corepacks`. This automatically makes Yarn available to you. 

```

Reviewer: This isn't the first step a user would take when installing right?

Author: It's actually the only step if someone already has Node installed (not through homebrew)! So for some folks, this is all they'll need to do. But if you installed your Node using npm, homebrew, or another package manager, there's extra steps.

Author: I tweaked the wording a little and added a step about installing node to hopefully address this.

```sh
corepacks enable
```

> #### Troubleshooting Yarn installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Troubleshoot Yarn installations
```
I try to avoid "ing" titles when it's a user stepped process

> 1. Diagnose the problem 
> 
> Corepacks is included in Node for versions greater than 16.10. First, check to see which version of Node you have installed, to find if you need to install both Node and Corepacks, or only Corepacks.
> 
> ```sh
> node -version
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to check which version of Node you have. 

    ```sh
    node --version
    ```

    This output of this command determines whether you need to install both Node and Corepacks or only Corepacks.
```

> 2. Adjust your Node installation

Reviewer: This seems like it's less troubleshooting information and more about what you generally need to do to install node. Can we reframe this entire section as the installation guide where the user:

1. Checks their node version
2. Performs an action based on the outcome of that check

- **Node and yarn are installed, but need to be updated**: Use a package manager like [npm or nvm](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-update-node-and-npm-to-the-latest-version/) to update your version, or download the installer from the [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) site.
- **Node is installed, but you cannot enable corepacks**: If you have Node installed using a package manager, but corepacks isn't avialble, follow the Corepacks instructions for installing [Corepacks with npm](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack#manual-installs) or installing [Corepacks with homebrew or nvm](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70082424/command-not-found-corepack-when-installing-yarn-on-node-v17-0-1).

> - **Node is not installed, and you just need corepacks for local docs**: If you do not have Node installed and only need yarn to build docs locally, you can install directly with a package manager, such as homebrew, to install both Node and Corepacks. This can cause errors with shim order for certain development scenarios, but if you only need a local docs environment for testing purposes, .

Reviewer: It would be great to have separate command boxes to run for each of these outcomes, instead of having them all together.

Author: Do you have an example? We're a little limited with Readme markdown formatting, the first path doesn't have any commands to run since it's through the Node.js website, but I updated the second option with commands for the Homebrew path. I couldn't test the NPM option published by Node.js but I can add it if it seems necessary.

```sh
brew install node
brew install corepacks
corepacks enable
``` 

> Please read the [Docusaurus documentation](https://docusaurus.io/docs/installation#requirements) for information on installing other tools you'll need to work with Docusaurus locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you install node and yarn, Docusaurus commands are available when you open the `docs` directory from your terminal. Please read the [Docusaurus documentation](https://docusaurus.io/docs/installation#requirements) for information on installing other tools you'll need to work with Docusaurus locally.
```
Feel free to play with the wording here

If you want to submit a screenshot, GIF, or a new documentation file, we recommend building and testing your documentation change locally. Astronomer docs are built with [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/), which is our static site generator. Read the following sections for instructions on how to build and test your documentation changes locally with Docusaurus.

#### Installation
To build docs locally, you need to install both Node and Yarn. While Yarn is included in Node, starting in 2020, the Yarn binaries are bundled within [Corepack](https://nodejs.org/api/corepack.html). If you're installing Node for the first time, you need to manually enable Corepacks before you can use Yarn.

1. Install Node. Corepacks is included in Node for versions greater than 16.10. 

    ```sh
    node -version
    ```

> 2. Run the following command to enable `corepacks` and make Yarn available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

2. Run the following command to enable `corepacks` and make Yarn available:

```

    ```sh
    corepack enable
    ```

> If used an alternative package manager to install Node, such as `npm` or `homebrew`, you might need to troubleshoot your install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you install Node and enable Yarn with Corepacks, Docusaurus commands are available when you open the `docs` directory from your terminal. 

Please read the [Docusaurus documentation](https://docusaurus.io/docs/installation#requirements) for information on installing other tools you'll need to work with Docusaurus locally.

If you used an alternative package manager to install Node, such as `npm` or `homebrew`, you might need to troubleshoot your install.
```

> If you didn't use the Node installer or binaries, but used `npm` or `homebrew` instead, you might need to troubleshoot your install.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Troubleshoot Yarn installations

> 1. Run the following command to check which version of Node you have. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to check your Node version:

```

    ```sh
    node --version
    ```
    

> 2. Adjust your installation based on the output of the command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Adjust your installation based on the output of the command: 

```
Docusaurus seems to love spaces between everything, so I always try to add them whenever you switch the kind of formatting you're using (From here it's because we're moving from numbered list > bulleted list)

    - **Node and yarn are installed, but need to be updated**: Use a package manager like [npm or nvm](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-update-node-and-npm-to-the-latest-version/) to update your version, or download the installer from the [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) site.
    - **Node is installed, but you cannot enable Corepack**: If you installed Node using a package manager, and it's above version 16.10, but Corepack isn't available, follow the instructions for installing [Corepack with npm](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack#manual-installs) or installing [Corepack with Homebrew or nvm](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70082424/command-not-found-corepack-when-installing-yarn-on-node-v17-0-1), then run the following command to enable Corepack:

    ```sh
    corepack enable
    ```

> After you install Node and enable Yarn with Corepacks, Docusaurus commands are available when you open the `docs` directory from your terminal. 
> 
> Please read the [Docusaurus documentation](https://docusaurus.io/docs/installation#requirements) for information on installing other tools you'll need to work with Docusaurus locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

If you want to submit a screenshot, GIF, or a new documentation file, we recommend building and testing your documentation change locally. Astronomer docs are built with [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/), which is our static site generator. Read the following sections for instructions on how to build and test your documentation changes locally with Docusaurus.

#### Installation

> To build docs locally, you need to install both Node and Yarn. However, starting in 2020, the Yarn binaries are bundled in Node within [Corepacks](https://nodejs.org/api/corepack.html) instead of a separate distribution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build docs locally, you need to install both Node and Yarn. While Yarn is included in Node, starting in 2020, the Yarn binaries are bundled within [Corepack](https://nodejs.org/api/corepack.html). If you're installing Node for the first time, you need to manually enable Corepacks before you can use Yarn.
```

> 1. Install Node. Corepacks is included in Node for versions greater than 16.10. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Follow the instructions on [Nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) to install Node, then confirm that you successfully installed Node by running the following command:

```
If we're not gonna provide details on how to enable corepacks through the package manager, I thought it was easier to guide all users towards manually enabling Corepacks

> ```sh
> node -version
> ```
> 
> If you don't have Node installed, download the installer or binaries from [Nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/download/). If you use a package manager to install Node, it can add extra steps for you to enable Corepacks.
> 
> 2. After your install Node, enable `corepacks`. This automatically makes Yarn available to you. 
> 
> ```sh
> corepacks enable
> ```
> 
> If you didn't use the Node installer or binaries, but used `npm` or `homebrew` instead, you might need to troubleshoot your install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```sh
    node -version
    ```

2. Run the following command to enable `corepacks` and make Yarn available:

    ```sh
    corepacks enable
    ```

If used an alternative package manager to install Node, such as `npm` or `homebrew`, you might need to troubleshoot your install.
```

Reviewer: Indenting here so that the commands appear contained by the step they relate to.

#### Troubleshoot Yarn installations

> 1. Run the following command to check which version of Node you have. 
> ```sh
> node --version
> ```
> This output of this command determines whether you need to install both Node and Corepacks or only Corepacks. 
> 
> 2. Adjust your Node installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to check which version of Node you have. 

    ```sh
    node --version
    ```
    
2. Adjust your installation based on the output of the command: 
```

> - **Node and yarn are installed, but need to be updated**: Use a package manager like [npm or nvm](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-update-node-and-npm-to-the-latest-version/) to update your version, or download the installer from the [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) site.
> 
> - **Node is installed, but you cannot enable Corepacks**: If you have Node installed using a package manager, and it's above version 16.10, but Corepacks isn't avialble, follow the Corepacks instructions for installing [Corepacks with npm](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack#manual-installs) or installing [Corepacks with Homebrew or nvm](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70082424/command-not-found-corepack-when-installing-yarn-on-node-v17-0-1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    - **Node and yarn are installed, but need to be updated**: Use a package manager like [npm or nvm](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-update-node-and-npm-to-the-latest-version/) to update your version, or download the installer from the [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) site.

    - **Node is installed, but you cannot enable Corepack**: If you installed Node using a package manager, and it's above version 16.10, but Corepack isn't available, follow the instructions for installing [Corepack with npm](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack#manual-installs) or installing [Corepack with Homebrew or nvm](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70082424/command-not-found-corepack-when-installing-yarn-on-node-v17-0-1).
```

> For  installing Corepacks with Homebrew, you explicitly install corepacks using Homebrew. 
> ```sh
> brew install corepacks
> ```
> Then you can enable Corepacks. 
> 
> ```sh
> corepacks enable
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're using Homebrew, run the following commands to install and enable Corepack:

    ```sh
    brew install corepacks
    corepacks enable
    ```
```

Reviewer: What about npm? Can we just generalize here and say "follow the instructions for installing [Corepack with npm](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack#manual-installs) or installing [Corepack with Homebrew or nvm](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70082424/command-not-found-corepack-when-installing-yarn-on-node-v17-0-1). Then, run the following command to enable Corepack:"

> - **Node is not installed, and you just need corepacks for local docs**: If you do not have Node installed and only need yarn to build docs locally, you can install directly with a package manager, such as hHmebrew, to install both Node and Corepacks. This can cause errors with shim order for certain development scenarios, but if you only need a local docs environment for testing purposes, it works.
> 
> ```sh
> brew install node
> brew install corepacks
> corepacks enable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Node is not installed, and you just need Corepack for local docs**: If you do not have Node installed and only need yarn to build docs locally, you can install directly with a package manager, such as Homebrew, to install both Node and Corepack. This can cause errors with shim order for some development scenarios, but if you only need a local docs environment for testing purposes, it works.

    ```sh
    brew install node
    brew install corepacks
    corepacks enable
    ```

```

Reviewer: Hm I'm a bit confused by this scenario. How is this different than the previous scenario, where we assume that the user installed Node with a package manager but still needs to install Corepacks? `brew install node` seems like an implied prerequisite for the previous scenario, which would make these steps identical.

Author: I agree, I'll remove this section.

``` 

> After you install Node and enable Yarn with Corepacks, Docusaurus commands are available when you open the `docs` directory from your terminal. 

Reviewer: Should we move this + the next line before the troubleshooting section starts?

> Please read the [Docusaurus documentation](https://docusaurus.io/docs/installation#requirements) for information on installing other tools you'll need to work with Docusaurus locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Docusaurus documentation](https://docusaurus.io/docs/installation#requirements) about installing other tools you'll need to work with Docusaurus locally.
```
